I'd like a warm spring showers they're
kind of freshened up everything
certainly reminds me of when I was in
holiday in southern Italy sitting down
on the side of the street there in
Calabria please call malaterre drinking
a glass of wine and eating a plate of
crispy calamari and I got the recipe I'm
going to share that with you now and
very very simple now what we've got to
do is I'm gonna add about six hours 175
grams of self-raising flour all right
now I'm just shaking and you can weigh
it out if you want enter that I'm going
to sprinkle in a little bit of salt and
then a teaspoon of paprika so I thought
paprika is nice to also give you that
lovely color to sit and then to that
we're going to add 8 fluid ounces or if
you like 250 milliliters of cold water
that is and sit just create a little
well in the middle there pour some of
that water in about a third of it and
then just stir that around and keep
stirring there that's it here we are
that's it you can see that's thickening
up and what you're looking for for me is
a kind of a like a heavy double sort of
cream consistency of course just let
that rest a little bit now I've got some
squid here I'll just cling film that ox
I didn't want all those smells of the
fish to kind of linger out all through
your fridge there that often happens
isn't it now
squids look at these look at that tube
isn't it a wonderful tube there yeah
hello are you doing well Oh lol oh and
you just cut that into strips and you
can see here that little crunch of the
back there that means that a little bit
of cartilage sometimes you get that in
the corner that comes in lots of
different shapes all these little sort
of it looks like something you get in a
with toys isn't it one of those little
plastic things and then we're just going
to cut those the rest of that inch
strips very very simple when with gloves
the slightly smaller ones you can also
cut those in rings but just cut that a
little bit on the angle there and then
you've got these little bits here with
the tentacles and right at the end there
you've got a plastic bit called the beak
which you can just snap off like that
there you go perfect a couple of
tablespoons of flour just sprinkle it
like that and slightly soft toss it
using your fingers pop those straight
into your batter just give that a bit of
a shake bit like Georgia there isn't it
talking about the waves of the sea in
his risotto delightful I like to the
idea of using the tongs here that really
does help when you want to pick up your
piece of car Mari and plunge them into
your fryer
a little bit of control movement there
and that's it look at those lovely
straight in there here we are just like
on working at a chipper yeah and just
let those up away that won't take very
long and that's literally gonna take
about three or four minutes I've got
some lovely fresh limes and lemons over
here and what I do is I cut the cheeks
of these all right so it's about there
you see what I mean about that little
cheeks I think they're about ready to
come out now
justic and look close lovely a little
bit of a tap look at that all comes off
and that is perfect
that's okay and just sort of step those
up pile those up the nonchalant way in
there like there there we are and then
serve that with the little wedges of
lemons and limes I think that it's just
fantastic like that just look at that
isn't that great beautiful